Programs I've done - 

1 - Reverse a Number 
2 - Palindrome Number
3 - sum of digits
4 - Prime No. program
5 - All Prime Numbers b/a a & b

Array Programs - 
1 - Taking Input in array. Sum, Mul, & Avg of an aray
2 - Find Min, Max & Any particular element in array
3 - Find element at any indexing, 1st index element, last index element
4 - Find Frequency of any element in Array
5 - Reverse & Sorting of an array
6 - Max & Min using Sorting, K-max & K-Min using Sorting
7 - Targeted Element. Print yes if there is a  pair in the array that sum up to target. Array ke kisi element ya kinhi bhi elements ka sum target ke brabr he to yes kre
8 - For given 2 arrays, find Union & Intersection
9 - Find majority element if any. 
10 - Array Rotation - Left, Right, K-times
11 - Subarray : - If target found using subarray sum then put yes otherwise leave it with no. 
12 -  maximum Profit on selling

String Programs - 
1 - Taking Input in string, Sort & Reverse, Palindrome of string.
2 - WAP for Count words in string -
2.1 - Program for count Vowels & Consonants in String- 
3 - For the 2 given strings check that are they both Anagram of each other. print yes or no only
4 - Program for Sum of numbers inside the string.
5 - make first letter capital of given string or user taken string, but if already capital then no need to change anything -
6 - make first letter Small of given string or user taken string, but if already Small then no need to change anything -
7 - For the entire string convert Upper string to Lower string
8 - change all the cases of string.
9 - Remove Vowels, Consonants from the given string.
10 - Distinguish Vowels and Consonants in a given string -
11 - common letters sequences in a string -
12 - For given two strings check that are rotation of each other or not?
13 - Enter the First Non-Repeating Character from the given string -
14 - Find the First Repeating element of the string - 

Matrix/2-D Array Programs - 
1 - Basic Input/Output of 2D Array. 
2 - Print Sum of all elements in the matrix -
3 - check for the target element that it is present in the matrix or not, if present then print Yes.
4 - Find the absolute difference of both diagonal elements of a Matrix 
5 - Find the sum of only boundary elements in the matrix -
6 - Transpose of a Matrix -
7 - Rotate the Matrix by 180 degree.
8 - Rotate the array by 90 CLW.
9 - Rotate the array by 90 ACLW.

Binary Search - 
1 - Binary Search for sorted array - increasing & decreasing
2 - sum of 2 elements of array equal to target element then print yes, using Binary Search concept -

Recursion - 
1 - Basic Understanding of Recursion - 
2 - Factorial Program using function
3 - Sum of N- Natural numbers using recursion
4 - n power of x number 
5 - Sum of elements of an array – 
5.1 - Mul of elements of an array - 
6 - Odd No. from n to m using recursion.

STL - 
1 - Binary Search Implementation using STL.
2) Vector DS in STL - Initialization, Input/Output, Insertion/Deletion, 
3) Set Data Str. in STL - Initialization, Insertion/Deletion, 
Time complexities for VECTOR, SET & MAP -
3.1 - Using SET Remove duplicate elements of array and arrange array in increasing order
4) Map DS in STL - Basic Operations, Insertion/Deletion, map with char datatype.
4.1 - For a string print all its characters that how many times its repeating.  
5) Unordered Map - 
